#Social Media Analyser Tool
This Streamlit Chatbot, built using Langflow and powered by AstraDB, provides AI-driven insights into social media post performance. Users can analyze engagement data across different post types, such as Reels,Carousel,Static images, to better understand audience interactions.
##Key Features:
Post Type Selection – Choose from various social media post formats (e.g., static images,reels,carousel).
AI-Powered Insights – Leverage AI to generate detailed engagement analytics for posts, including likes, comments, shares, and impressions.
GPT Integration - GPT-4o-mini to generate detailed conclusions and insight
Platform Breakdown – Get platform-specific engagement metrics to track post performance.
Data Storage with AstraDB – Seamlessly store and fetch social media data from AstraDB for fast, reliable insights.

---

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Bhrighu12/SocialMediaAnalysisTool.git
cd InsightFlow
```

### 2. Create a Virtual Environment
Set up a Python virtual environment to manage dependencies:
```bash
python -m venv env

```
Activate the virtual environment:
On Windows:
```bash
source env/Scripts/activate
```
On Mac/Linux:
```bash
source env/bin/activate
```

### 3. Install Dependencies
Install the required Python libraries:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
### 4. Create a .env File
Create a .env file in the root directory of your project and add the following:

dotenv
```
APP_TOKEN=<your-langflow-generated-token>
```
Replace <your-langflow-generated-token> with the API token generated by LangFlow.

### 5. Run the Application
Start the Streamlit application:

```bash
streamlit run main.py
```

## How to Use
(1) Enter your query in the text area provided.

(2) Click on the "Generate Insights" button to analyze the query.

View the analysis result along with the chat history displayed below the input area.

## Project Structure
- app.py: Main application file containing the Streamlit app logic.
- requirements.txt: List of dependencies required for the project.
- .env: File for storing environment variables securely.

## Demonstration
https://youtu.be/U3UeG7rihoQ

## Notes
Ensure you have a valid LangFlow APP_TOKEN before running the application.

The API token is stored securely in the .env file and accessed through python-dotenv.
